hey what up everybody this is Stevie
breach coming to you today we're going
to be looking at the signature sounds
the music of the dibby dibby of course
this is was released yesterday probably
not a lot of fanfare on this is sat on
my desk and I didn't even realize that
it was sitting here my good buddy HBK 25
pinko he picked this up from walmart did
he picked it up a few days early no I
think he picked it up and Best Buy he
said and he watched it he said this is
pretty good i was already gonna order
this I thought about skipping it
honestly for the one fact that it's you
know talking about music and that was it
but six shall release over there on
amazon free shipping due to Amazon Prime
I said you know what even if I wait to
get this i'm going to end up paying more
to buy a used copy because i'll pay for
shipping rather than getting it through
amazon prime with the sale price but
here it is for you the one thing that
came to my mind about this was the more
likely that this was going to be some
sort of a fail DVD that just didn't need
to be had brought me back to the he
about the videos ramped up vol.1 this is
of course the 10 most popular video
entrance sort of theme music would be a
titantron video playing back from 2000
to triple-a to Undertaker the rock mr.
McMahon came Chris Jericho edge Kurt
Angle to hurricane billion Chuck I'm all
about having some themes on your ipod
when it comes on in the car and i have
it on shuffle i'll pop for a theme every
once in a while but having something
that you put in the DVD player and press
play on is a little bit weird to me i've
never watched this DVD that i have it
because it was one that was released and
it sits on the shelf this one here
though is more of a documentary style
going over the top 25 themes that would
be theirs on like a little documentary
sort of deal talking with jim johnson or
is Jack Johnson we're not seeing about
banana pancakes it's not jack johnson
it's jim johnson the guy who's in charge
doing all the themes heard him on the
Stone Cold Steve Austin show and he went
over how we made the Stone Cold theme
everything that was going on at a time
you know stone cold went to him and said
that he wanted to have a theme a lot
like raging Against the Machine bulls on
parade it was at the time that's they're
trying to rip off but dumb I don't know
I don't have a whole lot of insight on
this you know always head over to
wrestling DVD news and this is the face
this is the back there is the disc so
not a whole lot to live up to it just
says that getting to the Big Dance take
style and grace and the only those who
are pretty pure and sound and rhythm are
fit to enter the grandest stage and if
you what kind of know what the that
word is if your soiree involves a ring a
ref and the thousands of screaming fans
a signature sound makes all the
difference now count the greatest 25
entrance themes of all time with the
signature sounds the music of it would
be from shattering glass to chill
belling Tolls too seductive melodies fit
for the ball these are the tunes that
ring in the arrival of your favorite WV
superstars includes insider commentary
and 25 classic themes from the dough to
be supercharged divas and the artist
behind the tracks of course you got the
smoking skull right there with the the
glass shattering you got John Cena with
that through Avenue then we got DX with
via break it down and you got the inner
ticker gone alright that's it for you
right there signature sounds that needs
to go to the horse with Fandango and get
a tie your own unicorn on that for some
reason why I don't know peace out